=Glory Back=
=Episode 14=
Undress me.
(In this case,
I couldn't go back in time.)
Don't know how?
It's my first time serving Your Majesty.
I fear I might not do well.
(How should I act)
(to avoid arousing his suspicion?)
(Being nervous and shy,)
(or calm and composed?)
(For the first time,
I see her distracted.)
(What is she up to now?)
(Better to be flustered.
It lets me slip through.)
(Xiao Luo is meticulous.)
(The longer I'm alone with him,
the more likely I make mistakes.)
(I'll pretend to slip
and bump against the pool wall.)
(I'd rather get injured
than serving him myself.)
♪Searching all under heaven,
my heart won't change♪
♪Fate in haste, looking back
countless times, you swayed for me♪
(What happened?)
(Is she throwing herself at me?)
(So before, she played hard to get?)
Greetings, Noble Lady Cao.
I thought you were quite bold.
Why are you afraid now?
Y-Your Majesty.
I didn't inform Noble Lady Cao
before coming out today.
Your Majesty.
I brought some warmed wine for you.
Are you trying to hide
or hoping to be seen?
Your Majesty.
It's been so long since I've seen you.
May I share a drink with you?
(Who is this?)
Your Majesty, let me bathe with you.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
Concubine Cao.
Noble Concubine Meng was bitten
by snakes and is terrified.
She sent me
to ask you to attend to her.
Your Majesty, the wine is still warm.
Perhaps let me...
No need. Go attend
to Noble Concubine Meng.
Yes.
That scar...
I didn't expect such beauty
to be right under my nose.
Truly a master strategist,
thinking three steps ahead.
It was all your ploy, right?
No, it wasn't.
Really?
Didn't you fake a scar to look ugly,
and then accidentally let the scar
fall off in front of me,
revealing your beauty?
I...
This palace is full of schemers.
But none is as deeply hidden
as you.
Your Majesty,
I did hide deeply.
I had been faking.
You admit it.
But not to win for your favor.
I want to survive.
To survive,
every step I take is on thin ice.
Even in dreams,
I fear showing my true face.
(On thin ice?)
I never imagined that bracelet
contained musk.
Just tell me
you didn't want our child.
And that wouldn't hurt that much.
Being sober is more painful
than being blinded.
I thought I could resolve this
and you'd never know.
Ziyuan.
When I look at you,
it feels like gazing into an abyss.
Why are you so scheming?
Can't you trust me?
I don't even trust myself.
A father who never cared for me.
An Empress Dowager who schemed to rule.
Every step I take is on thin ice.
Concubine Su is cruel and jealous.
If I hadn't faked a scar to look ugly,
I wouldn't have survived a moment.
I value talent.
If you behave,
tell me of troubles you can't solve,
and I'll stand for you.
I need no concern from you.
I harbor no improper thoughts for you,
not a shred.
♪A personal feud starts a sad story♪
Leave.
(I said this to gain your sympathy,)
(also to survive.)
(To be alive,
then I can do what I must.)
(Why does she always remind me of Qing?)
It seems to have faded a bit.
Go see Physician Gu again
when we return tomorrow.
Why did you break out in rashes somehow?
But Noble Concubine Meng had it worse.
I heard snakes got into her hall.
Now she's burning up and delirious,
and can't even get out of bed.
Snakes got into her hall?
Now Noble Lady Cao benefits for nothing.
Your Highness.
Did she order someone to do it?
Feng Qing we met
at the hall entrance this morning.
It must be Noble Lady Cao who sent her.
She dared harm you?
I'll teach her a lesson now!
No need.
Her getting lost and ending up here
is indeed quite coincidental.
But her words
were filled with protective intent.
It didn't sound fake.
Your Highness,
what if she was pretending?
Concubine Su was punished for deceiving
His Majesty, yet she escaped punishment.
This shows she's not simple.
With such abilities,
she's content serving Noble Lady Cao.
Let's see what she's up to.
(Yongfu Palace)
(The agreed time has passed.
Why hasn't Feng Qing come?)
It's blood.
I truly feel sorry for you.
Noble Concubine Meng was scared
by the snakes,
yet she deliberately caused you trouble.
Such hardship is nothing.
I wonder which vixen
could bathe with His Majesty.
Your Highness.
Where's the scar on your face?
I got some ointment
when my hand was injured before.
So I used it on my face too.
Unexpectedly, it had removed my scar.
Youth is truly wonderful.
You recovered so fast.
Caiping, fetch some tonics
for Feng Qing.
Let her recuperate well.
Feng Qing, see how well
Her Highness treats you.
You must repay Her Highness well.
Thank you for your grace.
I will serve
Your Highness wholeheartedly.
Don't you know the rules?
Calming Incense is forbidden here!
Your Highness,
please calm your anger. I am sorry.
It's just a mistake.
Be more careful next time.
You may leave.
Yes, Your Highness.
(This scent is Calming Incense
from Western Regions.)
Caiping. How much medication is left?
The remainder from last time
is enough for one more use.
I sealed it with ice in the cellar.
His Majesty hasn't come for long.
It's all because
my youthful looks are gone.
Now is the crucial time for me
to regain favor.
Tell Eunuch Shen
to prepare a fresh batch.
Your Highness, what about the candidate?
The one who burned the incense.
Head Feng, you wanted to see me?
Is Her Highness sending me away?
Why would you think that?
It's all my fault
for grabbing the wrong incense.
Can you plead for me?
I don't want to leave.
Come, sit down.
Tell me,
why is Her Highness
so averse to that incense?
I don't know why either.
But others in the palace warned me
that Her Highness
detests this incense most.
But I forgot that back then.
She's been detesting this
or did she suddenly
start detesting it some day?
I think it was a few months ago.
Her Highness couldn't sleep well
and kept having nightmares.
After that, Calming Incense was banned.
Was it after that fire?
That fire made everyone quite uneasy.
Now that you mention it, I do remember.
It was indeed after that.
You should
pay more attention to this too.
Liuying, thank you for the reminder.
Look, these stitches are all wrong.
Let me help.
Okay.
(In this incense, I added Xuan's
specially made knockout drug.)
(You won't wake up anytime soon.)
Cao Zhen,
I'm here to claim your life.
You tampered in the mourning hall,
harming me.
Do you admit your guilt?
No, I didn't.
Not me.
You caused my death in the fire.
I will take your life!
♪Once a lonely sail,
without a guiding light♪
♪With the warmth you lent me,
how could I fear loneliness♪
♪Day and night together,
sharing joys and sorrows♪
♪Searching all under heaven,
my heart won't change♪
♪Fate in haste, looking back
countless times, you swayed for me♪
♪Among a vast sea of people,
faintly seeing the old self♪
♪Scenery along the way,
looking back, love finds its echo♪
♪Watching the bustling world together,
we write more verses♪